Docs: Layout objects (#152)
grafana/scenes: docusaurus/docs/scene-layout.md

---
id: scene-layout

> title: Building Scene layout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Building a scene layout
```

The docs use sentence casing :)  

Is there a way to specify shorter menu title that is different from page title?

Reviewer: Ah so this is the menu title, the first h1 will be the page title. in that case I would opt for a shorter menu title like "Layouts"

Author: Yeah, changed that

Author: @torkelo you can see here https://github.com/grafana/scenes/pull/152/commits/d7081c86f074fe120e70f590827c41cd632e020d#diff-49e1f75a07ee4a1c5fec378ea9baf47277e85a444e672212b13ab18351da4db5R21 how to achieve this.

Reviewer: @dprokop ah, great good to know!

---

> Scenes support two layout types: flex and grid layout. In this guide you will learn hwo tu use and configure `SceneFlexLayout` and `SceneGridLayout`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scenes support two layout types: flex and grid layout. In this guide you will learn how to use and configure `SceneFlexLayout` and `SceneGridLayout`.
```

## Flexbox layout

> `SceneFlexLayout` allows building flexible scenes with layout driven by browser's CSS flexbox layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SceneFlexLayout` allows building flexible scenes with layout driven by browser's CSS flexbox layout. This allows for defining very dynamic layouts where panel widths and heights can adapt to the available space. 
```
